#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohttp==3.9.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.2.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
attrs==23.2.0
    # via aiohttp
azure-ai-documentintelligence==1.0.0b1
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-ai-formrecognizer==3.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-common==1.1.28
    # via azure-ai-formrecognizer
azure-core==1.30.0
    # via
    #   azure-ai-documentintelligence
    #   azure-ai-formrecognizer
    #   msrest
backoff==2.2.1
    # via unstructured
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via unstructured
boto3==1.34.39
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.34.39
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
build==1.0.3
    # via pip-tools
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   msrest
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
chardet==5.2.0
    # via unstructured
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   pip-tools
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   build
    #   click
    #   tqdm
dataclasses-json==0.6.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   unstructured
dataclasses-json-speakeasy==0.5.11
    # via unstructured-client
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
emoji==2.10.1
    # via unstructured
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
filetype==1.2.0
    # via unstructured
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.2
    # via httpx
httpx==0.26.0
    # via openai
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
    #   yarl
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   azure-ai-documentintelligence
    #   msrest
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.3.2
    # via nltk
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
jsonpath-python==1.0.6
    # via unstructured-client
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.1.6
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-community==0.0.19
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
langchain-core==0.1.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-openai
langchain-openai==0.0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
langdetect==1.0.9
    # via unstructured
langsmith==0.0.87
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
lxml==5.1.0
    # via unstructured
marshmallow==3.20.2
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   dataclasses-json-speakeasy
    #   unstructured-client
msrest==0.7.1
    # via azure-ai-formrecognizer
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   typing-inspect
    #   unstructured-client
networkx==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
nltk==3.8.1
    # via unstructured
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-openai
    #   pandas
    #   unstructured
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
openai==1.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-openai
openpyxl==3.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   build
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
    #   unstructured-client
pandas==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pip-tools==7.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pydantic==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.16.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
pyodbc==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pypdf==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pypdf2==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyproject-hooks==1.0.0
    # via build
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   pandas
    #   unstructured-client
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-iso639==2024.2.7
    # via unstructured
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via unstructured
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
rapidfuzz==3.6.1
    # via unstructured
regex==2023.12.25
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   tiktoken
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   msrest
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tiktoken
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-client
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via msrest
s3transfer==0.10.0
    # via boto3
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   isodate
    #   langdetect
    #   python-dateutil
    #   unstructured-client
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.26
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via unstructured
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tiktoken==0.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-openai
tqdm==4.66.2
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   openai
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   azure-ai-formrecognizer
    #   azure-core
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-client
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   dataclasses-json-speakeasy
    #   unstructured-client
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
unstructured==0.12.4
    # via -r requirements.in
unstructured-client==0.18.0
    # via unstructured
urllib3==2.0.7
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
wheel==0.42.0
    # via pip-tools
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via unstructured
xlsxwriter==3.1.9
    # via -r requirements.in
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
